Journal: Initial MVP (#900)
zinc-collective/convene: features/furniture/journal.feature.md

# Feature: Journal

> Many people maintain an online journal. Often, these journals are intended to connect with a broader collection of people a one-on-one or small group message.

Reviewer: typo?
```suggestion
Many people maintain an online journal. Often, these journals are intended to connect with a broader collection of people via one-on-one or small group messages.
```
